Sdorica Planner is meant to be a way to visualize the data of an account from Sdorica to more easily plan out how to progress.

At this time I am trying to conceptualize how the interface would work out.  This project is currently building off of Blender and a visual programming addon called Animation Nodes.  This may change in the future as I look to find a way to build a more easy to work with interface.  I am a beginner in this sort of programming, so what I can do is very limited.  I'm open to suggestions on how to take this project, but be aware that I have little knowledge that I am working from in regards to options.  I'm simply working with what I know and have some familiarity with for now.

I cannot upload the actual files from the game that I am using to make this project, therefore it is necessary to do the file extraction on your own if you wish to use this project.  I use a program called Asset Studio (ver. 0.12x) to extract the sprite files.  I have made a python script packed into the Blender file which will create all of the file structure and pick out the specific files needed from the extracted sprite asset files.

Current plans are to be able to produce images of rosters to be able to view all of the data of an account without having to go in-game and scrolling up and down the list as is currently necessary.  I want to be able to build a daily planner sort of calendar to tell you how long you need to work on a character, what days you would want to run one character as opposed to another and so on.  I'm also considering setting something up to plan out which characters you should be using for each level of Watcher's Trials.  Beyond that I'm still working on getting an idea of what to do with this project and how to make it accessible for other people to use.  I realize the steps to simply populate the assets into the planner are already quite unwieldly, so the chances of this being put to practical use are somewhat slim unless I can get permission from Rayark to properly populate the assets into the project itself.